. create a "sharepoint" group "Technical Writers"
. create a "sharepoint" group "Management"
. create a page "add.aspx"
. create a page "management.aspx"
. create a page "dashboard.aspx"
. create a page "approve.aspx" 
. create a page "implementation.aspx"
. create a page "rejection.aspx"
. update the "Navigation" 
. create the sharepoint list "Groups" 
. create the sharepoint list "Approvers"
. Add the following columns to this list "Approvers":
    Account Name (text field)
    Account (Person field)
    Group (lookup field -> Groups)
. create the document library "Spec and Revision Library"
. Add Multiple People field "Approvers"
. create the sharepoint list "Tasks"
. Add the following columns to this list "Tasks":
    Revision Name (text field)
    Revision Id (number field)
    Task Status (choice field) Approve|Reject 
    Comments (free text)
    Acknowlegde (free Text) Yes|Not Yet
. Create three views on the list "Tasks" 
             Pending 
             Approve
             Reject
. create the sharepoint list "Revisions"
. Add the following columns to this list "Revisions":
    Revision Name (text field)
    Revision Id (number field)
    Revision Status (choice field) Initiation|In Revision|Accepted|Accepted with Restrictions|Escalate|Rejected|Complete
    HasExceptionForm (choice field) Yes|No
. create the sharepoint list "Implementations"
. Add the following columns to this list "Implementations"
    Revision Name (text field)
    Revision Id (number field)
    Revision Date Created (date field)
    Comments (free Text)
    Implemented? (choice field) Yes|No
. create the sharepoint list "Exceptions"
. Add the following columns to the list "Exceptions"
    Revision Name (text field)
    Revision Id (number field)
    Revision Date Created (date field)
    Implementation Id (number field)
    Comments (free Text)
. create the following list "Escalations"
. Add the following columns to the list "Escalations"
    Revision Name (text field)
    Revision Id (number field)
    Revision Date Created (date field)
    Escalation Status Open | Close
    Comments (free Text)

. create a 'Initial Notification Workflow'
. create a 'Daily Process Revisions Workflow'
. create a 'Daily 10 Days Overdue Workflow'
. create a 'Daily 20 Days Overdue Workflow'
. create a 'Daily 30 Days Overdue Workflow'
. create a 'Implementation Notification Workflow'
